these are the steps that were given from rosario
the kily gonzález or past
we will be the mental
while the kid to the bank the san martín
work of these obviously bilateral people is given like gold
a compu
and the captain was right
baptized orders
the photographers so that they would get that way
lovely long pass that later will say to Gonzalo de Villorio the fourth
ricky referee days will do a live show his spirit will not want like the
abortion is very simple if yes daily
then he greets with his friend for another the pibes says to the kaiser nadal fourth
referee who is very good
with 19 units
cold chest pelucchi says what will be number eight of river knows how
party
and that's why without food
then 20 seconds shows why they want it or see league one of each of
the many that cornejo gorosito and if I did not play at first and
about this aspect
when it transcends
in 40 seconds said central well work to reed square italic rocha
and well ahead playing at first with higuaín near the two ends
equity receives its first night 10 whistled by a large part of the field without
well, fine
comes out for a tablet and marta serra amen
and they have to hit him
pursued is heated with smoked shock of five years
although different positions 9 continues to complicate and showing that he alone
can be revoked for
bother the entire defense 'millionaire' is also fine
Dyn returns
the ocha comes now for gonzalo belloso
he is not usually in the five he struggles with the pulse and he
Dominguez raised to say
for this chipset she stares pass from lahm and can not believe it gorosito says
gonzalo gonzalo
the cornered card and I mean there was no criminal and there should be
expulsion
and car do it
strong to the middle is the doll I only know before
miter use them what happens
Shoemaker
ligia tolerate military
psoe policy
plural
kily gonzález in just
nine minutes of play
the number two sets the man while
nick soles
or maybe
this taking advantage of the solcito total cleaning does thinking in the summer the
doll is calling touch is pulled back but also
also participated in the recovery of football uncaf directly the kikin
the track my arrival to the number five of central the ball is repeated
not without adopting and begins the duel between the already ex-teammate
diego salts
happened in the target pulsion muleta nick was going to be conditioned pipo tells him
Gil and Gil and beat Syria
the average kilo
many still very far from any companion
the whistles
refloat
little face of kily
shows casano's anger tries not to know reebok one side of the river
boy like gifts icd a little bit more back stuffed teddy neither the line of
four is central
viteri the good game of the catwalk team will also tell you if
as of throwing the done peluchín 6 diagonally
river tries to play but it costs
was the falcao collection with the 'pipita' higuaín what do you want to do
same that summoned greece
ojeda says no
catwalk and calm quiet I thought come
and at that moment when it stops to cool down
He tries very hard at Falcao and took it out a little while he went to school to go
step catwalk and ciavarino wants to look because at home we will lower
Falcao after the veto
play for ferrari
the former central after his wedding but falcao will be important attentive
bow throw of reed 77 with eight for incredible mind is badly stopped
higuaín elevates you falcao to define
garcés of leisure has put criminal
catwalk celebration and since 2010 there is no doubt almost throws his left foot
albanel miralles didactic you tell him of the centenary spinal madrid thanks
daniel for explaining it
now I have it more clear
the river kid
the crusade to art
good definition
usual peteco of weapons
and now yesterday marked the passage of the road
we had a couple of times
urbaser oscar rivera
yes yes it did exist
the one that badly they wish it a good exit well like the pizza
however that project is the arm
the kily is going to heat
the useless members
You told me what
it seems that it is going to take however the two former selection partner
finish calm
develop a good ball
higuaín is going to capture after missing now rest well ojeda culture
that at this height
the Rainbow
it is formed
we are not going to the second part
bellucci
the ball stopped for him to hit and Colombian
to above
catwalk team did not convert yesterday the country and ask the ground
give him a little hand
the accident in liza very many
the cyber-activists and biden to attend the two appointments of the tigrito
also saves
julián very good and was captain of the central gordo gordo
between boys the place intended
and receives the applause and the visionary people in chacho here there was no how
is
Aragón Juan Pablo
light and that
married the bocha life towards the middle zapata araba accusing left to
right nothing stops to define it is delayed
the raised of being in silence hits me santamaría messi laments
to the exit of that corner
nasuti that the ball
the cedulas with moreira
every time it shows how it is defined
on the ball
excellent specification of the number 11
surgical gangway with
joy of the kaiser because one of his wells
returned to goal
there is no drive the altar by the pass of higuaín has very good definition
poetics
Sunday cost what it costs
say the faces
at this height barquisimeto
bad that was played
nor do the band I repeat calmly but of course
whenever they are acting very badly
there is the possibility of discounting and duplicating the history of haiti
that's why it's the complement
while river falcao feet to have the possibility to wish the third
Lamb will not be able to because he was going to save morella and razor blades
now add another merit
he has scheduled commented
the launch
and oscar smoked
and it did not feel well at all
nothing important daniel like homicide crime for that reason
the employees too
thinking about water matter miguel delucchi
pay the play does not transcend develop
the bus in the minutes
canasteros want to eat ledesma imperiale calgaro
alex lopez puccio a falcao
gonzalo ludueña
the Colombian shows that they want it absolutely
not to lose the custom muleteer to have some little problem in the background and
then
the press release the service
Follow him for the applause
the final petete that today
I hope he has a great goal
catwalk was greeted by roggio because he had no problems with the
referees and clear
it was the dessert visit
for the end the people ended up celebrating
a song that says